# ComplainVault

This is a Smart Complaint System which uses niche technology like Blockchain and MERN. 
We will make a portal for filing a complaint and this complaint is transferred to thier respective lying categories ( criminal , municipal etc).
This project integrates a frontend by React , backend by Node.js and express and blockchain by ether.js.
The frontend part of this project contains a signup / login button and uses clerk for it.
There will be chatboat integration also which guide new users.
We Will Use MetaMask for generating wallet for registration through blockchain.
We have login for both user and authority and for authority there will be the authentication by their pre-existing government id.

# User Features

 - We will have a dashboard for user so user can file a complaint and an unique complaint number will be generated by blockchain integration.
 - Compalint will be filed with following option :
    (a) Photo (b) Video (c) Voice (d) Text
 - We used blockchain for this so that there will be no tempering with the original filed complaint.
 - Now in user dashboard also there is option by wich user can track it's complaint status.
 - Now the compalint filed by user will be stored in IPFS(InterPlanetary File System) which isdecentralized , peer-to-peer protocol for storing and sharing files.
 - User can also give a feedback to our complaint portal.

# Authority Features

  - Authority will have a another dashboard which will allow authority to see the status of all the complaints filed by user.
  - Now Authority can assign complaint to the nearest police station or respective authority.
  - There will a map which will highlight that part which are getting more and more complaints so that authority have to take best to best action and as soon as           possible action to solve it.
  - Their will be analytical data about complaint registered on portal , complaint solved and complaint pending.
